azurerm_application_gateway - support 125 for V2 sku capacity (#5906)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown

* `tier` - (Required) The Tier of the SKU to use for this Application Gateway. Possible values are `Standard`, `Standard_v2`, `WAF` and `WAF_v2`.

> * `capacity` - (Required) The Capacity of the SKU to use for this Application Gateway. Possible values for V1 SKU must be between 1 and 32, and for V2 SKU must be between 1 and 125, optional if `autoscale_configuration` is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `capacity` - (Required) The Capacity of the SKU to use for this Application Gateway. When using a V1 SKU this value must be between 1 and 32, and  1 to 125 for a V2 SKU. This property is optional if `autoscale_configuration` is set.
```

Author: fixed
